>> Estelle Weyl: So, we talk
a little bit about design elements,
let's go back to it.
So, here's another thought bubble.
So the first thought bubble
was with the triangle,
this thought bubble is using
border radius and positioning.
So it's basically putting a 50%
border radius on the thought bubble.
And then it's creating
two circles before and
after, which just basically
have two different sizes.
One has a height and width of 40, the
other one has a height and width of 20, so
one is half the size of the other one,
border radius of 50%.
And then I position them absolutely to
make it look like a thought bubble.
Is this okay to use?
Yes, there is no significant
information to the screen
reader that the screen reader would need
to know though the text is still there.
If this was really important,
like in a comic, its roosters would
say that the guys or the character
said it, not that he thought it.
But you could actually add accessibility
features to say that it was
a thought and not.
Then Chris Coyier put out this neat
little blog, and it is The Shapes of CSS.
And he used generated to content
to create all of these shapes.
These are just one element
with generated content and
you can do all sorts of things.
I'm going through it quickly because it's
just to show you that it's possible.
How was yin yang done before and
after, that is really impressive.
Isn't that pretty awesome?
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, and then some
more thoughts of what you could do.
The shapes article was included,
the printing of the URLs,
remember that one?
Clearing floats, that we don't need to do
anymore pretty soon because I'm gonna show
you Flex box and Grid.
>> Estelle Weyl: Samurai, I think it was,
made all of these icons
out of generated content.
>> Estelle Weyl: Remember
when we were talking about,
let me see if I can make this bigger?
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so here is an idea
of adding based on attributes and
the size of the screen, adding features.
So on a large monitor
when you see an email you
get the email printed afterwards and
the email icon before.
If it's a medium screen,
it's just the name and
the email address printed afterwards.
If it's a tablet, the word email comes
before, if it's smaller still, you get
just the icon, and if it's even smaller,
you just get the link and that's it.
So it's basically saying,
what is the size of my screen?
Depending on the size of your screen,
add these features.
>> Estelle Weyl: Let's see a few more,
ribbons.
>> Estelle Weyl: Yeah, here's a ribbon.
Okay, and here's the badass tooltip.
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Estelle Weyl: Which is
kind of what we did earlier
with the Google thing.
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay.
>> Estelle Weyl: So we're not gonna
do this, this is an example, but
this is a very clear case of why you would
not wanna make this as position relative.
Because if this was position relative,
this word tool tip all the time,
then I went over generated content, the
word tool tip would come right through.
We're going to take a five minute break,
now before we hit Media Queries.
So if you want to,
you can actually go hit this and
try figuring out how to do this.